README.md, before:

# weather-watch

Thank you for checking out my Weather page.
This was a challenging and fun assignment.  I was able to do much of it on my own, starting to really put the pieces of the classes and modules together!

I used bulma.io for much of my styling, this was practice for the group project in which we have to use a styling software other than Bootstrap.

I had difficulty finding an api that met all of the criteria so I don't have wind and humidity but I was excited to put in 2 apis: 1 for grabbing the location key of the city and then putting that into the 2nd api to get weather info for that city.

GitHub link: https://github.com/cjsmith011/weather-watch.git

Deployed site: https://cjsmith011.github.io/weather-watch/

[screenshot]:https://github.com/cjsmith011/weather-watch/blob/main/assets/images/WeatherWatch.PNG



User story: AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city

Commit message:

added history buttons that load from local storage

README.md, after:

# weather-watch

Thank you for checking out my Weather page.
This was a challenging and fun assignment.  I was able to do much of it on my own, starting to really put the pieces of the classes and modules together!

I used bulma.io for much of my styling, this was practice for the group project in which we have to use a styling software other than Bootstrap.

I was excited to put in 2 apis: 1 for grabbing the location key of the city and then putting that into the 2nd api to get weather info for that city.

Please click on the Search - it will return results for City,ST or Zip.
Please refresh and click on the Click for previous searches and it will load your completed searches.  

GitHub link: https://github.com/cjsmith011/weather-watch.git

Deployed site: https://cjsmith011.github.io/weather-watch/

[screenshot]:https://github.com/cjsmith011/weather-watch/blob/main/assets/images/WeatherWatch.PNG



User story: AS A traveler
I WANT to see the weather outlook for multiple cities
SO THAT I can plan a trip accordingly

Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a weather dashboard with form inputs
WHEN I search for a city
THEN I am presented with current and future conditions for that city and that city is added to the search history
WHEN I view current weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with the city name, the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the humidity, the wind speed, and the UV index
WHEN I view the UV index
THEN I am presented with a color that indicates whether the conditions are favorable, moderate, or severe
WHEN I view future weather conditions for that city
THEN I am presented with a 5-day forecast that displays the date, an icon representation of weather conditions, the temperature, the wind speed, and the humidity
WHEN I click on a city in the search history
THEN I am again presented with current and future conditions for that city
